c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.ChooseLanguagePage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\LanguageKing.dll
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\LanguageKing.pdb
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.dll
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.pdb
c:\users\cserje\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.MainMenuPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Cserje\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.LearnWords.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Cserje\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.PracticeWords.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Cserje\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Cserje\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Cserje\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\LanguageKing.dll.mdb
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\LanguageKing.dll
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\LanguageKing.pdb
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.App.xaml.g.cs
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.ChooseLanguagePage.xaml.g.cs
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.MainMenuPage.xaml.g.cs
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.LearnWords.xaml.g.cs
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.PracticeWords.xaml.g.cs
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.dll
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.pdb
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Plugin.TextToSpeech.Abstractions.dll
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Plugin.TextToSpeech.dll
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Plugin.TextToSpeech.pdb
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Plugin.TextToSpeech.xml
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Plugin.TextToSpeech.Abstractions.pdb
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\Plugin.TextToSpeech.Abstractions.xml
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\obj\Debug\LanguageKing.dll.mdb
E:\Users\Mozsi\Source\Repos\Lang\LanguageKing\LanguageKing\bin\Debug\LanguageKing.dll.mdb
